update fullnode pruner docs (#11905)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/fullnode.md

  genesis:
    genesis-file-location: "/sui-fullnode/genesis.blob"
  ```

> 1.  Optional: Save disk space with fullnode pruning. Edit your `fullnode.yaml` to include the following aggressive pruner settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Optional: To save disk space on your Full node, add the following settings to your `fullnode.yaml` file to enable aggressive pruning:
```
